# Summary

The Teleport Cloud offering is new; we're on a journey of defining and building
a culture around production, offering a secure and reliable hosted version of
Teleport Enterprise as a service. 

To learn more about the teams that are a part of Teleport Cloud, visit our
[Engineering Teams](../../teams.md) page.

# Rationale

The Teleport Cloud team uses both coding challenges and hands on Linux
administration puzzles to evaluate candidates depending on their role. These
exercises have two goals:

* It helps us understand what to expect from you as an engineer, how you reason
  about production systems and investigate faults.
* It helps you get a feel for what it would be like to work at Teleport, as
  this exercise aims to simulate some of our day-as-usual and expose you to the
type of work we're doing here.

We believe this technique is better and is more fun compared to whiteboard/quiz
interviews so common in the industry. It's not without the downsides as it
could take longer than traditional interviews. [Some of the best teams use
coding challenges.](https://sockpuppet.org/blog/2015/03/06/the-hiring-post/)

We appreciate your time and are looking forward to hacking on this challenge
together.

# Backgrounds

## Development Focus: Systems / Backend Developers

Systems developers on the platform team leverage a strong background in
software development to build, maintain, deploy core production services.

### Challenge

[Systems developer challenge](../systems/challenge.md)

### Levels

See [levels.pdf](../../levels.pdf)

## Operations Focus: Devops / DevSecOps / SREs / Production engineers / etc

Team members with experience in various operations focused disciplines are
focussed on the day to day delivery of platform components, such as
build/testing automation of infrastructure as code, deploying and configuring
our metrics, alarming and logging systems, automating build pipelines, and
other day to day activities to enable our cloud infrastructure.

### Challenge

We use two interviews for team members with operational backgrounds, the first
is a lightweight scripting / programming challenge, and the second is a
troubleshooting production test. See the following links for outlines of each
challenge.

* [Automation development challenge](automation.md)
* [Troubleshooting challenge](troubleshooting.md)

### Levels

See [SRE Levels](../../levels/sre.md)

Note: These levels are used as a guide, not every engineer specifically matches
every skill in every focus area of the guide. Higher level engineers are
expected to have a broader set of skills than junior team members. Engineers
that focus on certain disciplines do not require as broad an area of skills,
such as team members focussing on Tooling may not require as deep network
understanding. All team members are expected to meet Communications, Security,
on-call, and Operations requirements.

Note: Our production and operational culture is still new, and you will be
expected to help us shape it

## Security Focus: DevSecOps / Security Infrastructure / etc

In the cloud team, we follow a philosophy of all engineers are responsible for
the security of our customers. Security focussed engineers will contribute by
enabling the other engineering teams to make sound security choices, and by
focussing on the projects and capabilities, tools, and infrastructure that
allows for a more secure environment that our customers can trust.

### Challenge

We use two interviews for team members with operational backgrounds, the first
is a lightweight scripting / programming challenge, and the second is a
troubleshooting production test. See the following links for outlines of each
challenge.

* [Automation development challenge](automation.md)
* [Security Audit challenge](security_audit.md)
